Predictive Analysis: You are engaging a tier-one enterprise where the
marketing team is eager to deploy AppsFlyer, but the procurement
department is highly cost-sensitive and blocking the deal due to
budget constraints. Privately formulate a written prediction on how introducing
the AWS Marketplace alters the negotiation dynamics. The causal logic:
By routing the transaction through the AWS Marketplace, the customer
taps into broader corporate cloud commitments rather than limited departmental
budgets. This fundamental reduction in buyer cost-sensitivity establishes an insurmountable
competitive advantage over rivals like Adjust, Singular, and Kochava, completely
dismantling complex stakeholder objections before they even arise.